Update REST endpoint summary reference for Adobe Commerce B2B (#414)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/rest/b2b/integrations.md

| Customer Management | <code>PUT /V1/customers/me</code> - Update current customer<br><code>PUT /V1/customers/:customerId/companies/:companyId</code> - Assign customer to company<br><code>DELETE /V1/customers/:customerId/companies/:companyId</code> - Unassign customer from company<br><code>GET /V1/customers/:customerId/companies</code> - Get companies assigned to customer | companyCompanyCustomerAssignmentV1 |
| Company User Management | <code>POST /V1/customers/companies</code> - Create company user<br><code>GET /V1/customers/companies</code> - List company users<br><code>GET /V1/customers/:customerId/companies/:companyId</code> - Get company user details | companyCompanyUserRepositoryV1 |
| Company Hierarchy | <code>GET /V1/hierarchy/:id</code> - Get company hierarchy<br><code>PUT /V1/hierarchy/move/:id</code> - Move node in company hierarchy | companyCompanyHierarchyV1 |

For details, see the [company](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/company#operation/GetV1Company) API reference.

### CompanyCredit

> Use CompanyCredit endpoints to manage company credit limits, balances, and history in the B2B environment, enabling businesses to control and track credit usage across their organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `companyCredit` endpoints to manage company credit limits, balances, and history in the B2B environment, enabling businesses to control and track credit usage across their organization.
```

| Credit Balance Management | - <code>POST /V1/companyCredits/:creditId/increaseBalance</code> - increase credit with an Allocate, Update, Refund, Revert, or Reimburse transaction. <br>- <code>POST /V1/companyCredits/:creditId/decreaseBalance</code> - Decrease credit balance with an Update, Reimburse, or Purchase transaction | <code>CreditBalanceManagementInterfaceV1</code> |
| Credit History Management | - <code>GET /V1/companyCredits/history</code> - Get credit history list <br>- <code>PUT /V1/companyCredits/history/:historyId</code> - Update credit history | <code>CreditHistoryManagementInterfaceV1</code> |

For details, see the [companyCredits](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/companyCredits) API reference.

### Company Relations

> Use CompanyRelations endpoints to manage relationships between companies in a B2B organization. It enables administrators to create, view, and delete hierarchical relationships between companies, allowing for complex organizational structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `companyRelations` endpoints to manage relationships between companies in a B2B organization. These endpoints enable administrators to create, view, and delete hierarchical relationships between companies, allowing for complex organizational structures.
```

 Use Case | Endpoint | Service Name |
|----------|----------|--------------|
| Company Relations Management | <code>GET /V1/company/relations</code> - List company relationships<br><code>POST /V1/company/:parentId/relations</code> - Create company relationship<br><code>DELETE /V1/company/:parentId/relations/:companyId</code> - Delete company relationship | companyRelationRelationManagerV1 |

For details, see the [companyRelations](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/companyrelations#operation/GetV1CompanyRelations) API reference.

### NegotiableQuote

> Use NegotableQuote endpoints to manage negotiable quotes, including quote creation, modification, submission, and various cart operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `negotableQuote` endpoints to manage negotiable quotes, including quote creation, modification, submission, and various cart operations.
```

| Gift Card Management | - <code>POST /V1/negotiable-carts/:cartId/giftCards</code> - Add gift card to quote<br>- <code>DELETE /V1/negotiable-carts/:cartId/giftCards/:giftCardCode</code> - Remove gift card from quote | <code>GiftCardAccountManagementInterfaceV1</code> |
| Item Notes Management | - <code>GET /V1/negotiable-cart-item-note/:noteId</code> - Retrieve note for specific item<br>- <code>POST /V1/negotiable-cart-item-note</code> - Add note to quote item<br>- <code>DELETE /V1/negotiable-cart-item-note/:noteId</code> - Remove note from quote item<br>- <code>GET /V1/negotiable-cart-item-note/search</code> - Search for item notes | <code>ItemNoteRepositoryInterfaceV1</code> |

For details, see the [negotiableQuote](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/negotiableQuoteattachmentContent#operation/GetV1NegotiableQuoteAttachmentContent) API reference.

### NegotiableQuoteTemplate

> Use NegotiableQuoteTemplate endpoints to manage quote templates, enabling businesses to create, store, and reuse standardized quote structures, with support for document references and template lifecycle management in the B2B environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `negotiableQuoteTemplate` endpoints to manage quote templates, enabling businesses to create, store, and reuse standardized quote structures, with support for document references and template lifecycle management in the B2B environment.
```

| Reference Document Links | - <code>GET /V1/negotiableQuoteTemplate/referenceDocumentLink/:linkId</code> - Get document link<br>- <code>GET /V1/negotiableQuoteTemplate/referenceDocumentLink</code> - List document links<br>- <code>PUT /V1/negotiableQuoteTemplate/referenceDocumentLink</code> - Update document link<br>- <code>DELETE /V1/negotiableQuoteTemplate/referenceDocumentLink/:linkId</code> - Delete document link | <code>Template\ReferenceDocumentLinkRepositoryInterfaceV1</code> |

For details, see the [negotiableQuoteTemplate](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/negotiableQuoteTemplate#operation/GetV1NegotiableQuoteTemplate) API reference.

### PurchasOrder

> Use the PurchaseOrder endpoints to manage purchase orders in a B2B context, including payment information management, shipping method estimation, cart management, and gift card handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `purchaseOrder` endpoints to manage purchase orders in a B2B context, including payment information management, shipping method estimation, cart management, and gift card handling
```

| Shipping Management | - <code>POST /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/estimate-shipping-methods</code> - Estimate shipping methods<br>- <code>POST /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/estimate-shipping-methods-by-address-id</code> - Estimate shipping methods by address ID | <code>ShipmentEstimationInterfaceV1</code><br><code>ShippingMethodManagementInterfaceV1</code> |
| Cart Management | - <code>GET /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/totals</code> - Get cart totals<br>- <code>POST /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/billing-address</code> - Set billing address | <code>CartTotalRepositoryInterfaceV1</code><br><code>BillingAddressManagementInterfaceV1</code> |
| Gift Card Management | - <code>POST /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/giftCards</code> - Add gift card to cart<br>- <code>DELETE /V1/purchase-order-carts/:cartId/giftCards/:giftCardCode</code> - Remove gift card from cart | <code>GiftCardAccountManagementInterfaceV1</code> |

For details, see the [purchaseOrders](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/purchase-order-cartscartIdbilling-address) API reference.

### SharedCatalog

> Use the SharedCatalog module to manage shared catalogs, including catalog management, company assignments, product management, and category management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `sharedCatalog` module to manage shared catalogs, including catalog management, company assignments, product management, and category management.
```

| Product Management | <code>GET /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/products</code> - Retrieves list of products in a shared catalog<br><code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignProducts</code> - Assigns products to a shared catalog<br><code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/unassignProducts</code> - Removes products from a shared catalog | <code>sharedCatalogProductManagementV1</code> |
| Category Management | <code>GET /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/categories</code> - Retrieves list of categories in a shared catalog<br><code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/assignCategories</code> - Assigns categories to a shared catalog<br><code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:id/unassignCategories</code> - Removes categories from a shared catalog | <code>sharedCatalogCategoryManagementV1</code> |
| Tier Price Management | <code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:sharedCatalogId/assignTierPrices</code> - Assigns tier prices to products in a shared catalog<br><code>POST /V1/sharedCatalog/:sharedCatalogId/resetTierPrices</code> - Resets tier prices for products in a shared catalog | <code>sharedCatalogAssignTierPriceV1</code> |

> For details, see the [SharedCatalog](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/sharedCatalog#operation/PostV1SharedCatalog) API reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see the [sharedCatalog](https://adobe-commerce.redoc.ly/2.4.7-admin/tag/sharedCatalog#operation/PostV1SharedCatalog) API reference.
```

> ### RequisitionList
> 
> Use the `requisition_lists` endpoint to save requisition lists. The RequisitionList module automatically handles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requisition list

Use the `requisition_lists` endpoint to save requisition lists. The RequisitionList module automatically handles:
```

I'm not sure about the headings on this page, are they named for the modules? Otherwise, I would expect them to match the case used in the endpoints.

I'm also curious why development chose `requisition_lists` instead of `requisitionLists`, which would match the established pattern.

Author: The B2B module naming isn't consistent. I'll update the headings to match the namespace configured in the module composer.json psr-4 field.
